All examples are prepared in source code of the server view. 
The source codes are included in files which names end with 'S'.
All the examples are converted by the Dedan program to the agent view.
The agent views of the examples are contained in files which names end with T

1. BufS.txt - bouded buffer
It is a no-deadlock example, a bouded buffer with readers and writers.
Macrogeneration constants defining numbers of elements in the buffer, readers and writers
are used.

2. BufDeadlockS - buffer with a deadlock
Users act as readers-writers, therefore a deadlock occurs when all N users read from 
the empty buffer or all N users write to the full buffer.

3. BufNoDeadlockS - buffer without a deadlock
The solution uses Dijkstra's butlers which limit the number of reading and writing users.
The butlers rejest attempts to be the N-th reader or N-th writer.

4. phil3S.txt - 3 philosophers
The Dijkstra's problem of dining philosophers, limited to 3 philosophers.
Deadlock occurs.

5. phil3-asymS.txt - 3 philosophers, asymmetric solution
The solution based on the order of obtaining the forks: 
one philosopher takes the left fork first and one takes the right fork first.

6. phil3-2orNo_S.txt - 3 philosophers, all-or-nothing solution
The solution based on taking two forks if both are available, 
on no fork if at least one fork is taken.

7. phil3-2butlersS.txt - 3 philosophers, butlers solution
The two butlers are responsible for a prohibition of taking all three forks as least first
and of taking all three forks as right first.

8. Res_DeadlockS.txt - not enough resources
A common server containing 2 resources, ordered by 3 users. 
The server view shows no communication deadlock, as the server works.
The agent view shows a resource deadlock, as one the users suffers from a lack of resources.
Only one of the agents is dealocked, 
test for common deadlock doas not show a deadlock.

9. SemS.txt - two semaphores and a side process not using the semaphores
Two users use two semaphores, in crossed order: 
the first user issues 'wait' on sem[1] then on sem[2],
the second uses issues 'wait' in opposite order,
the third process does something else.

10. sem_noDeadlockS.txt - two semaphores - no deadlock
The semaphores taken is the uniform order.